assert: deprecate callTracker (#47740)
nodejs/node: doc/api/deprecations.md

In a future version of Node.js, the `asyncResource` property will no longer
be added when a function is bound to an `AsyncResource`.

### DEP0173: the `assert.CallTracker` class

<!-- YAML
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/47740
    description: Documentation-only deprecation.
-->

Type: Documentation-only

In a future version of Node.js, [`assert.CallTracker`][],
will be removed.

> consider using alternatives such as the [`mock`][] helper function.

Reviewer: Nit: Start with capital.
```suggestion
Consider using alternatives such as the [`mock`][] helper function.
```

> consider usigng other alternatives such as the [`mock`][] helper function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consider using alternatives such as the [`mock`][] helper function.
```
